| Key | Value                                                                    |
| --- |--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 19.03.2024                                                             |
| Time: | 14:45-15:30                                                            |
| Location: | Drebbleweg project room 3 cubicle 11                               |
| Chair | Dylan Hu                                                               |
| Minute Taker | Mireia Carrio Cortada                                           |
| Attendees: | Mireia Carrio Cortada, Timo Rouw, Tigo Schutgens, Daria Condratov |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min) 

- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min) 
  - Everyone is doing good - issues encountered are discussed later

- Announcements by the team (2 min)
  - No additions

- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min) 
  - One addition - technology feedback discussion

- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min) 
  - No comments

- Announcements by the TA (3 min) 
  - Graded rubrics for Tasks & Planning, Code Contributions, Technology
  - Read feedback and look on areas of improvement - ONLY formative

- Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min)

- Announcements by members of the team if they encountered any issues during week 4/5 (5 min)
  - issue when adding participants to an event
  - connection between frontend and backend is lacking and causing issues

- Discussing Code Contributions and Reviews feedback (2 min)
  - merge request should have clear description
  - respond to reviews
  - merge request accepted within a day

- Discussing Task and Planning feedback and what should be done to improve the grade (5 min) 
  - git lab labels
  - weekly milestones, plan 2 weeks ahead
  - switch roles
  - time tracking adn time estimation
  - branch opening through issues

- Technology
  - websocket implementation
  - dont manually create json
  - @Controller should be used

- Discussion of the current state of the app and what needs to be fixed or implemented in the future (10 min)
  - connection between frontend and backend
  - config files
  - websockets
  - language(basic req)

- Division of the work for the following week and summarizing the action points: Who, what, when? (7 min)

Daria
- sign up page + button
- back buttons
- language switch to other pages

Timo
- fixing manual json
- json imports
- adding participant(connection)

Mireia
- StartingScreen listView
- adding expense (connection)
- retrieving event expenses (connection)

Tigo
- config files
- long polling
- tests for frontend

Dylan
- websocket

Adrian
- password functionality
- admin window
- frontend admin

- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (1 min)

- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min) 

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you misestimate? (1 min)

- Closure and recap on the meeting if needed (1 min)
