| Key | Value                                                |
| --- |------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 02.04.2024                                           |
| Time: | 14:45-15:30                                          |
| Location: | Drebbleweg project room 3 cubicle 11                 |
| Chair | Tigo Schutgens                                |
| Minute Taker | Timo Rouw                                    |
| Attendees: | Mireia Carrio Cortada, Dylan Hu, Daria Condratov, Adrian Todorov |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
  - Adrian and Mireira joined on a call
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? Tasks completed this week + Announcements (3 min)
  - There was some confusion with different admin pages, but that works now
  - admin page has been implemented
  - language bug is fixed
  - backups function is finished
  - presentation handed in
  - statistics and adding participants and expenses is nearly done
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
  - a bug was mentioned where some people can't add expenses
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
  - everyone did and approved
- Announcements by the TA (3 min)
  - self reflection draft is due this week
  - suggestion to reset the database file before adding expenses
    
- Presentation of the current app to TA (4 min)
  - some functions were broken at the time of presenting
- Reminder of self-reflection that is due this Friday, individual(1 min)
  - reminded
- Announcements by members of the team if they encountered any issues during week 7 (11 min)
  - Adrian encountered some long polling problems. That's a work in progress
  - expenses were added client side instead of with the server implementation, that is fixed now
  - some vagueness about dynamic server addresses
  - recently viewed events and the event list don't always match up after backups
- Discussion of the current state of the app and what needs to be fixed or implemented in the future (10 min)
  - more testing needs to happen
  - long polling needs work
  - bug-fixing/polishing is needed
  - foreign currency could be implemented
- Some bugs this week that need to be discussed: (5 min)   
    - Decide on the file pathing --> using gradlew run
    - we all need to run the app the same way to avoid 'it works on my computer' issues
    - Nullpointer exception when opening the app
    - What to do with the server changing
- Division of the work for the following week and summarizing the action points: Who, what, when? (- min)
  - Tigo: long polling, key navigation for new pages
  - Dylan: fix recently viewed events and email
  - Daria: foreign currency
  - Adrian: Testing, fixing bugs and CSS, downloading property files
  - Timo: back button for events, look into detailed expenses, look into server url
  - Mireia: Statistics and testing for statistics
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (1 min)
  - make and mark own issues
  -  meeting on call was a hurdle
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)
  - there is going to be another meeting (date to be determined) to work together
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you misestimate? (1 min)
  - done earlier than planned, but everything has been discussed
- Closure and recap on the meeting if needed (1 min)
  - Tigo lost the bet and is going to be chair next week. Mireia lost the second bet and is going to be MT